Now redesign the drawing.
According to the problem encountered before
The place that needs to change is the Giang Vinh group.
If I give up my plan and progress, I will definitely be lucky or not.
It's okay to let them lead.
Giang Vinh is currently under the cross-river highway and will be handed over to me.
It's 4 hours.
Ha tung
There's no one else here.
That's how you talk to your ex-girlfriend.
Ex-girlfriend
That's when we went to college.
You sent me a love letter.
I know you were the Miss Universe at the time.
It's estimated that half of the boys in school have sent you love letters.
You just never received it.
What's wrong? I didn't take it from someone else.
Didn't even see it.
But I know you gave me a guard
How do you know
The words you keep